This new AI agent is insane and free.
Cognition just shipped Devon 2.2. And
this new AI update tests, fixes, and
ships your code completely on its own.
With Devon 2.2, you give it a task and
it handles the entire thing start to
finish. It plans the work, writes the
code, reviews its own output, catches
the issues, fixes them all before you
ever open the pull request. That's a
fully closed loop. No human in the
middle. And now it goes even further.
Devon has full access to its own Linux
desktop. It launches your app, clicks
through it like a real tester, and sends
you back a screen recording of
everything it did so you can review
every single detail. Real QA testing,
not simulated, not scripted. Devon
actually uses your app the way a human
would. On top of that, it now starts up
3x faster. The interface was rebuilt
from the ground up. From planning all
the way through to code review,
everything flows in one